Mauricio Silva
- me@mauriciosilva.com
- www.mauriciosilva.com


Summary of qualifications

User experience, interface and interaction design for mobile and web; information architecture; 3D modeling and animation; branding and identity; composition, typography and color theory; technical and creative expertise.


Career highlights

- UI/UX of a banking mobile app for the Android platform.
- User interface design of a dashboard web application to streamline management of online games.
- Commercial broadcasts utilizing my graphics packages and post-production, frequently air locally on Telemundo and Univision stations.
- Collaborated in the marketing level, to the success of the campaign 'Navegar para Ajudar'. This raised funds for needy shelters. 


Experience

April 2010 - Present (New Haven, CT)
UI/UX Engineer
Higher One, Inc.

Highlights: Reassessed the UI/UX of the banking web application; key player on the UI/UX of mobile website and Android app, and collaborated with other developers on coding using Eclipse and Android SDK.
- Close involvement in the banking web application restructure project, which introduced a new look-and-feel and user experience to the application
- Regularly participated on multi-department tasks, such as the development of new features, or remodeling of old revenue streams by improving its UX and/or module's UI, or introducing a more robust bank account type.
- Development of flow-charts, wire-frames and prototypes to help the planning process.
 
March 2007 - April 2010 (Avon, CT)
Application & Web Development Specialist
How Stuff Works/Discovery Communications/Quick Compliance

- Technical and creative development of online games based on Adobe flash and e-learning material for the Healthcare, Pharmaceutical and Biotech industries, with particular focus to technological boundaries and branding limitations.
- Close involvement with other designers, developers and QA team to follow up ongoing projects. Also, assisted the interaction with foreigner customers, more specific Spanish and Portuguese native speakers.

April 2003 - March 2007 (Hartford, CT)
Marketing Manager
Carioca Club

- Supervised advertisement distributed through internet, television, radio and
printed media.
- Incorporated promotional videos and photography into their website and
maintained general content on a regular basis.
- Designed branding concepts driving marketing initiatives into Medias never
cogitated before, such as the internet and trade shows.
 
June 2002 - April 2003 (Boston, MA)
Web Designer
Bisado.com

- Improved website's traffic numbers by revaluating its design and reassessing user interface, sitemap, navigation and information architecture.
- Conducted surveys among clients and visitors, compiling demographic information and user feedback; which resulted in a better communication with the general public and a more precise and broaden user database.
- Coordinated the interaction among advertising entities, freelancers and creative staff.


Education

Universidades Salvador, Bahia - Brazil (2001)
Bachelor in Fine Art, Design 

Future Media Concepts
Adobe Certified Training, Cambridge - MA (2007)
Actionscript 2.0 Basic and Advanced 
 
Rhode Island School of Design, Providence - RI (2005)
Maya 3D Certification

Primavera Solution, New York - NY (2004)
Contract Administration and Management Using Expedition

Primavera Solution, Fairfax - VA (2004)
Introduction to Suretrek Project Management


Skills

Mobile development - Android r14 
OS - Mac and Windows
Programming languages - HTML, xHTML, CSS, Actionscript and Javascript.
Web and multimedia - Flash, Dreamweaver, Freehand.
Graphic Packages - Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom, Photopaint and Corel Draw.
Desktop publish - Pagemaker, InDesign and Quarkxpress.
Video and audio editing - Finalcut, After Effects, Audition, Audacity.
3d - Maya and 3d Studio Max.
Personal interest in photography, illustration, music, extreme sports and traveling.
Quick learner, self-motivator and fluent in English, Spanish and Portuguese.